hi guys so recently on my channel i did
a video talking about the today's
special value on QVC you featuring a
makeup collection and a lot of you guys
told me that you loved hearing about the
deal and so many of you ended up
purchasing the collection so I hope that
you guys love it but I thought I would
go ahead and share another today's
special value with you guys letting you
know about a skincare collection so
philosophy is actually featuring their
super-sized beauty sleep essentials
collection as the today's special value
on QVC 24 hours only so if you're
interested definitely click the link in
the description box below and head over
there and purchase it before you run out
of time or before they sell out because
you are not going to want to miss out on
this especially if you love philosophy
because this is a great way to stock up
on some of your favorites literally
these are jumbo sizes you are not going
to need more skin care products for so
this 4-piece collection comes with a
little extra which I'll get into in a
second and show you guys all of the
products it's available for 169 80 but
it's actually valued at over three
hundred dollars which is insane it's
basically like you're getting these
products for fifty percent off and I
know that one 6980 might still sound
like a big chunk of change but honestly
for skincare products it's not much at
all and these philosophy products are
amazing quality I've been using a bunch
of these products for years and years
and I recommend them so just to put it
into perspective i wanted to show you
guys i actually got this hope in a jar
night cream from sephora recently for
fifty dollars for two ounces so 25
dollars an ounce and philosophies
actually including the hope in a jar
night cream in this collection 8 ounces
so twenty-five dollars an ounce times
eight is two hundred dollars which is
more than the cost of this entire
collection and wait until you guys see
what else is in the collection so i know
that at first it might seem like a hefty
price tag but honestly if you've been
wanting to try these products for a
while or you like them it's just such a
great deal it'll be hard to pass also
there is a 100-dollar philosophy
giveaway so make sure to check the
description box below or stay tuned
until the end of the video to find out
how you can win a hundred dollars worth
of philosophy products which
I'm so excited collection really focuses
on nighttime skincare you can use these
products separately a buy it and kind of
split it up among the friends but they
work really well together to really help
your skin focus or focus help your skin
repair overnight while your skin is kind
of going through its renewal cycle so
the first thing in here is actually the
cleanser this is one of my fingers use
it with my clarisonic and it is the
purity made simple you're going to get a
32 ounce of this cleanser which is
ginormous I'm used to having like little
8 ounce bottles are even smaller and I
love this because I have sensitive oily
acne prone skin and it works really well
for me this is kind of a three in one
product this is actually made to cleanse
hydrate and tone your skin all in one it
actually cleans deep in the pores when
you use it with a clarisonic you're
going to get a super super deep clean
but it also helps to remove any makeup
even eye makeup so I really like this
because it is a sensitive cleanser and I
feel like this could be just used for
whatever type of skincare you have this
is definitely one of their most popular
products so if you haven't tried this
yet I would definitely recommend getting
it and honestly like this is going to
last you months I feel like I'll never
run out of it and it does come with a
pump which is really really convenient
so step 2 and include the purity made
simple mask they actually just launched
this last year it's basically like along
the same lines as the purity made simple
cleanser but this is a 60-second deep
cleaning man love this because this only
takes 60 seconds at night a lot of times
I just want to get into bed without
having to worry about a 20-minute mask
you know setting on my face before I can
get up and rinse it off I love this
because you can get it done in 60
seconds it's just great i revitalizing
your skin a lot of times especially
during the winter my skin can tend to
look a little bit dull and dry and I
feel like this just really helps to
soften your skin moisturize it hydrate
it and just kind of like liven it up a
little bit if that makes sense it just
does a great job at cleansing your skin
but making sure that it looks better
than it did before you apply it again
it's a deep cleaning mask just like the
cleanser so it's really going to get
down deep in the pores and make sure
that your skin is left really smooth and
clean now step three is actually the
hope in a two
and this is the eye and lip firming
cream I love this because it's a
multitasking product so you can use it
on your eyes and on your lips and
honestly I've really been trying to
incorporate eye creams into my skincare
routine to kind of prevent wrinkles from
happening because they're going to be
here before I know it I'm sure and I
actually kind of even noticed like
wrinkles underneath my eyes or just bags
under my eyes I love this because you
can use this morning and night as like
the last step in your skincare routine
and you just apply this under your eyes
on your lips and it really helps to just
firm them up and just leave them feeling
moisturised but also a little bit
tighter if that makes sense you kept
this ginormous sighs I think I'm the
Sephora website the biggest size they
have is like half an ounce and this is
1.7 ounces so I love that they included
this really really large size the last
product is probably one of my favorites
if not my favorite it's the hope in a
jar night cream i actually just
purchased one from sephora but like look
at the size of the one that you get in
the kit versus the one to get at sephora
it's ridiculous this will last you
forever and i'm obsessed with this I
love the original hope in a jar but I
especially love the one from night
during the winter my skin is insanely
dry so I always reach for this during
the wintertime because it does a lot of
things first of all it's super
moisturizing and I love to slather on a
super moisturizing cream at night
because my skin is renewing itself it
has a lot of time to just kind of sink
into my skin and really hydrate it but
this actually has properties so it
plumps the appearance of fine lines and
even skin tone and when you have dry
skin you might notice that when you
apply your foundation it goes on Patchi
Iran even this really makes a difference
in just evening out that skin tone and
making sure that your skin is just
perfectly smooth for foundation
application even if you don't wear a
foundation it just honestly makes your
skin look so much better it has glycolic
acid which I find that is really helpful
in just kind of filling in the fine
lines plumping the skin making it look
more youthful and if this really fun
bonus tassie I think that's what it's
called to keep the hair out of your face
while you're doing your nighttime skin
routine which i think is really fun I've
always wanted one of these so I love
that they included it so those are all
the products
included in this deal honestly I think
this collection is just an amazing value
i love philosophies skincare products
there's some of my favorite and i've
been using them for years so if you guys
are interested i will have the link
below but don't forget you can actually
enter for a chance to win a hundred
dollars of philosophy products so all
you have to do is click the link in the
description box head over to QVC and
tell me which product from the today's
special value you would most want to try
and then come back to my video and leave
a comment letting me matas only runs
until eleven fifty-nine pacific standard
time so don't forget to enter if you are
interested we will pick one winner and i
will let you know in the description box
of the video as well as message you here
on you so thank you guys so much for
watching if you have any questions at
all make sure to let me know in the
comments below and I will get back to
you since this is like a 24-hour deal
I'll most likely be awake as soon as
this video goes live in case you guys
have any questions I hope that you guys
have a wonderful weekend and I'll talk
to you in my next video bye